all right check out my honda rice car i
mean race car no rice car yeah okay it's
a 91 Civic DX pretty clean yeah you know
I did some modifications to it so it
could really be you know a bad-ass rice
car like well for example I wanted to
run stretch tires and stuff on this but
with these wheels that didn't really
work I couldn't do like the you know the
wider stretch wheels because the wheels
aren't very wide they're only like six
inches
see so what I did is I I wanted to
stretch him so I went ahead and I I got
some tires that were too small the rim
size is too small and I just stretched
them to fit on the rim yeah so that's
pretty badass you know stretch tires and
then I got the sweet blue lug nuts here
oh yeah
straight out of autozone those are
pretty sweet right yeah those are nice
and then I had to I had to do an exhaust
on it you know because you always have
to do like a really sweet exhaust so I
did a new exhaust from the header
well the manifold all the way back and
it sounds real nice see check it out
look at that pipe two's like look at it
compared to the size of my thumb big
pipe like bad ass performance muffler
see put a ding in it right here to help
with the the exhaust flow so it would
come out a little bit faster because it
made the the size of the muffler stock
just a little bit smaller because of
that debt right there so I did that you
know I was pretty sweet
of course I do buy spring for it so I
got on eBay because I wanted to lower it
so I got on eBay cuz that's where you
get like the really good stuff is on
eBay for these things and I bought some
some locklins vo GT la ND vauquelin
spearman not the chief
shitty eBay coilovers that rice cars use
and then check out my mere check out my
my rearview mirror right here see that
that's badass you know like I thought
about getting one of those big ones I
think they're winks or something one two
go all the way across that like the
school buses but I realized that it
could be really distracting if I looked
in my rearview mirror and I could see
down side streets and stuff that were
like in different areas of town that I
wasn't even driving in because my rear
view mirror was so big so I just
I just kept the stock one you know like
this right here
and then my steering wheel yeah see this
custom custom came factory in 1991 on
this Honda and it's the same steering
wheel custom shift knob right there
didn't get that from autozone that came
from Honda right there originally on the
car 1991 right there and then that's a
lunch over there well it was lunch I
already eat it but uh oh yeah I got to
show you underneath the hood I did some
sweet stuff I went to Autozone and got a
really badass air filter for it check
that out yeah see 16 valves right there
how about that 16 of them and there's
only four spark plugs so there's only
like four cylinders so there's four
valves per cylinder that's custom
right there
so it's extra fast so you go here's the
dipstick right here for the oil see it
actually doesn't even go to the motor it
just dip straight into the exhaust
manifold and then it just goes into the
cylinder and then goes past the Rings
and goes down in the oil pan and that's
how you check the oil on it so that's
pretty sweet right custom anyway the air
filter I was talking about I got from
autozone you can't see it because it's a
it's inside of this box right here
think it was an STP or something or I'm
pretty sure it wasn't a Fram cuz fram's
aren't any good
so yeah it's custom though because I
bought it after market I did the
Eliminator right here you see this hose
you sound like this plastic thing that
came up but it was always in the way so
that had to go for sure definitely had
to go you know I usually I raced this
car because it's really fast so you know
I mean I wanted to keep it fast but also
I have a family I have to haul so I had
to keep my whole interior you know I
kept all my seats not stuff in there you
know normal cuz like I got a wife and I
got a baby and he has to ride in the
back I guess he could ride in the front
because I don't have airbags but but I
realized the importance of you know
keeping this thing fast method I need to
do some weight reduction to it and since
I wanted to keep my interior and keeping
a nice car and not like strip it out I
had to do the weight reduction so let's
see this is what I did right here see
this this normally has a cap on it the
valve stem cap but I needed to find a
way to reduce the weight of the car
without messing with the interior so I
just I took that cap off right there and
that saved me a little bit of weight and
also I think the wind resistance was cut
down just a little bit now because it's
round as before it kind of had like some
edges on it and I think it was slowing
me down holding me back a little bit so
I got rid of that and you know it's been
working pretty good but I've been
noticing it pulls just a little bit now
to the driver's side because the
driver's side still has one I think like
the wind right from it kind of like so
I'm thinking I'm gonna pull that one off
too on the other side so that it doesn't
pull any more and it should be like you
know twice as fast then cuz I took off
twice as much weight but you know it's a
pretty pretty nice little car